(Antoninus) leaps majestically to the southeast.

(Havyn)'s tail narrowly misses you as it whips in a circle.

(Mystor) stares at Alashi, giving him the evil eye.

(Ploutos) quickly pricks Alashi with his dirk.
(Ploutos) follows up the first attack with another, his dirk piercing the flesh of Alashi.

(Antoninus) skilfully whirls a Braincrusher flail toward the left arm of Alashi.
(Antoninus) skilfully whirls a Braincrusher flail toward the torso of Alashi.
Alashi doubles over as the flail savagely crunches into his ribcage.

(Proficy) crushes the air with his fists, a contorted grimace dominating his features.
(Kaelthas) gasps and stumbles as an unseen force crushes the life breath out of him.

A snaking stream of psi forks into the room, blasting into Abidan mercilessly.

An arrow shot by (Antoninus) flies towards (Ulvin).
The arrow strikes (Ulvin), gouging a deep and bloody wound.

An arrow flies in towards Theodor.
The arrow sails harmlessly past Theodor.

An arrow flies in towards (Grandue).
The arrow strikes (Grandue), gouging a deep and bloody wound.

(Grandue) clutches his sides and howls in pain.

The spout of molten lava surges against (Ulvin)'s shield, shattering it with intense force and heat.
A spout of molten lava surges from the depths of the earth itself with a mighty roar, battering Theodor's body with excruciating force.


Naji cups his hands in front of himself, a bar of crackling lightning coalescing before him and streaking away to the northwest.
Naji cups his hands in front of himself, a raging inferno coalescing before him and streaking away to the northwest.
Naji cups his hands in front of himself, a raging torrent of ice coalescing before him and streaking away to the northwest.

(Kaelthas) draws back his darkbow and lets fly an arrow.

A glowing spear comes flying in towards Theodor. It buries itself in his gut, impaling him.

The icewall to the northwest suddenly melts as a lash of fire strikes the opposite side of it.

A saw-scaled viper tangles itself in the legs of (Ulvin), sending him sprawling to the ground.

Theodor whips a brutal, spiked morning star toward the left leg of (Zorina).
Theodor whips a brutal, spiked morning star toward the left leg of (Zorina).

(Mystor) stares at Maedhros, giving him the evil eye.
(Mystor) stares at Maedhros, giving him the evil eye.
Maedhros shuffles his feet in boredom.
(Mystor) curses Maedhros with the visage of a rotting corpse.

-- 3rd Party Confirmation


/*
10:59:25.048 Antoninus whips Matsuhama's morningstar toward the left leg of Archaeon.
10:59:25.048 The attack rebounds back onto Antoninus!
10:59:25.048 Antoninus whips Matsuhama's morningstar toward the left leg of Archaeon.
10:59:25.048 The attack rebounds back onto Antoninus!
*/


Sprucebruce attempts to defend against your attack but you bat his weak attempt aside. //parry bypass with nausea infernal
Lightning-quick, you jab Haeron with a Scimitar of Eagles.
Lightning-quick, you jab Haeron's left leg with a Scimitar of Eagles.
You slash into Haeron with a Scimitar of Eagles.
You slash into Haeron's left leg with a Scimitar of Eagles.
You swing a Scimitar of Eagles at Haeron with all your might.
You swing a Scimitar of Eagles at Haeron's right leg with all your might.
You lash out at Haeron with a Scimitar of Eagles, but miss


As you carve into Haeron, you perceive that you have dealt 7.2% damage to his left leg.

Lightning-quick, Haeron jabs you with an Eagle's Scream.
Haeron viciously jabs an Eagle's Scream into your right leg.
Haeron viciously jabs an Eagle's Scream into you.
Haeron misses you with an Eagle's Scream.

Lightning-quick, Haeron jabs your left leg with an Eagle's Scream.
You parry the attack with a deft manoeuvre.

You swing a Scimitar of Eagles at Haeron's left leg with all your might.
Haeron parries the attack with a deft manoeuvre.

Sprucebruce quickly pricks you with his dirk.
Striking like a snake, Sprucebruce follows the first attack with another.
Sprucebruce sinks his fangs into your body and you wince in pain.

(Jems) leaps forwards onto (Grandue) and mauls him viciously.